Hey Mr. Wang
Hey, continue tomorrow.
Hey, okay, okay, hahaha.
Hey Mr. Wang
Ha ha.
Hello Mr. Wang
I'm Lin Yue who called you.
You look beautiful.
Thank you Mr. Wang
But I want to lend us Yuesen
It's no use being pretty.
Then if I can help you
Step on An Tong under your feet
OK
So confident?
Certainly.
An Tong and I have been best friends for more than ten years in college
I know him very well.
If you let me help you
I will definitely let you know yourself and your enemy
But you don't have much work experience
You are far worse than that An Tong
I have no work experience.
But I have good learning ability.
As long as you are willing to let me
I get started quickly
Then why should I give you this opportunity?
Because I can give you everything you want